.TH GTKRUN 1 "2022-10-21" "gtkrun version 1.0.0"
.SH NAME
gtkrun \- an application launcher.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "gtkrun [" "OPTIONS" "]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gtkrun
launches applications in a graphical environment supported by GTK4. Just run
.B gtkrun
when you are in X or Wayland (not tested). At start the program scans the cache file (if
.I no-cache
is not set) and the environment variable 
.I PATH
for binary directories. The cache file contains the list of recently executed commands, it is a simple text file, you can modify it freely.
.PP
Start typing and the program will complete your command. Press
.I [Tab]
button to see the list of all completions. Just press
.I [Enter]
to execute command: either from the entry or from the list. Press
.I [Esc]
or
.I [Ctrl-q]
to terminate the program.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I silent
Do not show output of the executed command.
.TP
.I width
Set width of the window.
.TP
.I height
Set height of the window.
.TP
.I max-height
Set maximum height of the window. If this option is set, option
.I height
is ignored. The window will adjust height, but not bigger than
.IR max-height .
.TP
.I cache
Set path to the cache file. If not set, the program uses default:
.IR "$XDG_CACHE_HOME/gtkrun/cache" " or " "$HOME/.cache/gtkrun/cache" .
.TP
.I no-cache
Do not use any cache file.
.TP
.I config
Set path to the configure file. If not set, the program uses default:
.IR "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gtkrun/config" " or " "$HOME/.config/gtkrun/config" .
.TP
.I no-config
Do not use any configure file.
.SH CUSTOM CONFIG
You may create the textual config file \fI$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gtkrun/config\fP (or \fI$HOME/.config/gtkrun/config\fP), that will be scanned at the program start, or set \fIno-config\fP argument to ignore the config file. Arguments added to the program will overwrite appropriate config lines.
.PP
Custom config example:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
[Main]
silent = false
width = 400
height = 400
max_height = 400
cache = /path/to/cache/file
no_cache = false
config = /path/to/config/file
no_config = false
.EE
.in
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
leonadkr@gmail.com
